feat(config): use json for project configs (#38)
ManoManoTech/homer: README.md

You should now be able to use Homer commands on Slack 🎉

> ### 7. Add a JSON file for the release configurations

Reviewer: Let's keep the title free from implementation details.

```suggestion
### 7. Configure releases
```

> Add/update a JSON file (it must be called `projects.json`) in `config/homer` folder to enable release management for your projects. The file should be like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Releases management can be configured in `config/homer/projects.json`.
Here is a sample configuration with one project:
```
